INTRODUCTION

These tools are used to automate the process of porting the openSUSE version
of Chromium to SUSE Linux Exterprise (SLE).  Some things that need to change,
for example, are the bookmarks and the name of the package (which is chromium
in openSUSE, but chromium-browser in SLE).

Chromium development is moving very rapidly.  The openSUSE package is currently
in openSUSE:Contrib:Factory and is updated about once a week.  Chromium is
currently not supported for SLE, but the current plan is to update the SLE
version of Chromium about once a month and make it available to customers in
some way.

STEPS

1.  Copy the openSUSE:Contrib:Factory version of chromium to a subproject
    of your IBS home (e.g., osc -A https://api.opensuse.org copypac -e -t
    https://api.suse.de openSUSE:Contrib:Factory chromium
    home:bgmerrell:chromium)

2.  Check out the code that you copied in step one (e.g., osc -A
    https://api.suse.de co home:bgmerrell:chromium)

3.  Make your checked-out IBS chromium project your current working directory

4.  Make any updates to the python files that need to be made.  replace.py is
    a library module that contains abstract methods for SLEize.py to call.
    Any real work should go into replace.py, and SLEize.py should simply be a
    sequential list of simple method calls to replace.py.

5.  Run SLEize.py

6.  Run 'osc status' to see what files have changed.  Remove (osc rm) the old
    files that are being replaced.  Add (osc add) the new files.

6.  Check in your updates to IBS and test them

7.  If you messed up, revert your changes in IBS and start back at step 1

8.  Once everything is good, make sure you commit and push your changes to
    these python tools

CONTACTS

David Buck did the work on the initial chromium package for openSUSE.  He is
dbuck at Novell.

Tittiatcoke maintains the openSUSE package.  You can find him in
#opensuse-buildservice on freenode.

PACKAGE DEPENDENCIES

You currently need the glew package from openSUSE 11.2 (or later?) in your
build repo
